Ocultamos Desatendido (#722)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/qr-code/qr-unattended/qr-unattended-part-a.en.md

> 
> On point 5, you’ll have to follow steps 8A and 8B to get order status.

## POS for the unattended model

> To create the points of sale of the unattended model, you need to declare the URL of a service of your domain to which Mercado Pago will consult if there is an order availab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create Points of Sale for the the unattended model, you need to declare your web address, to which Mercado Pago will later make requests for available orders.
```

[[[
 ```curl
curl -X POST https://api.mercadopago.com/pos?access_token=PROD_ACCESS_TOKEN -d     
{
  "name":"Main pos", 
  "fixed_amount": true,
  "category": 621102,
  "external_store_id": "STORE001",
  "external_id": "POS0001",

>   "url": "https://www.miempresa.com/pay-mp?locationId=6232&positionId=1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "url": "https://www.mystore.com/pay-mp?locationId=6232&positionId=1"
```
